https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/submatrix-sum-queries/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/pairwise-swap-elements-of-a-given-linked-list-by-changing-links/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tarjan-algorithm-find-strongly-connected-components/

Greedy Algorithms | Set 5 (Prim’s Minimum Spanning Tree (MST))
SegmentTree
N-ary tree
Max/Min Heaps
Amazon experience Problems
Microsoft Interview Problems

System Design Problems



Adding tags to photos, searching photos on tags, commenting on photos, tagging users to photos, who to follow, etc.
Spam Filter design

Design a system like one which facebook has, where you get live feeds from your friend. 



For Odd size : floor( (n-3)/4 )+2 gives the position.

For Even size : floor( (n-2)/4 )+1 gives the position.


. Practice Trees , Linked lists , DP , Arrays , Strings , Stacks , Queue , Hashing , Heaps , Backtracking and basic Graph questions from gfg. The questions are asked as it is.

Behavioural 

1. He gave his brief introduction and then asked mine. 

2. Why do you want to leave the current company

3. Why Amazon?

4. The most challenging project/thing ever done. Why it was challenging . How would u do the same project/thing again. i need to tell some improvements in previous approach/design/code.

5. Tell me a situation when your manager disagreed with you / or had a different opinion

6. Tell me a situation when there was a time constraint for project delivery and how you handled it.

7.Project discussion in detail. Most challenging problem, how did you solve it, had any disagreement with manager, how did you fix it etc.

8.Engineering Manager round, all behavioral, why do you want to leave the company, one challenging problem, how did you overcome it, your biggest failure etc. etc.

Design Restaurant booking application HLD and LLD. Write an algorithm to optimally assign tables for bookings.
Do integration for Splitwise app with Amazon Pay (or Paytm)
1) where a person can pay to another person and money directly gets deposited into other person’s bank account.
2) A person can also send reminder to another person for owning money.

Detailed discussion on project and design of it, how will you scale your project to support n number of users. Focus was on scalability & distributed design.
Design a job scheduler, scalability, fault tolerance, high availability, how scheduler picks up job,
how will you take care where one job can run for 30 min and one for 30 hour, how will you distribute jobs on servers.
Based on frequency & time how will you execute them ?
How will you notify back the user about start/stop or completion of a job ?
How will your system know if a job is killed / terminated due to unknown reasons ?

Design a vending machine with following functionalities
